Dk/matchers rewrite (#6007)
inspec/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/matchers.md

end
```

> `cmp` matcher is allowed in the following comparisions:

Reviewer: The original text was better. Or maybe something like: 

```suggestion
The `cmp` matcher compares values in the following ways:
```

> ### Compares strings to numbers

Reviewer: These probably shouldn't be headings (same with the other heading changes below). It sets off the text after the heading as being separate from the introduction sentence above.

got: 0444
```

## include

> Verifies if a value is included in a list.
> 
> Example:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifies if a value is included in a list. For example:

```

> 

Reviewer: Same suggestion from above 👆  with the Example lines below 👇
